add arabic language (#670)
freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source: README-AR.md

        <li><a href="./README-ES.md"> الأسبانية </a></li>
        <li><a href="./README-pt-BR.md"> البرتغالية (البرازيل) </a></li>
        <li><a href="./README-DE.md"> ألماني </a></li>
        <li><a href="./README-GR.md"> اليونانية </a></li>
        <li><a href="./README-FR.md"> الفرنسية </a></li>
        <li><a href="./README-KO.md"> الكورية </a></li>
        <li><a href="./README-JA.md"> اليابانية </a></li>
        <li><a href="./README-HI.md"> هندي </a></li>
    </ul>
</details>
<!-- Do not translate this -->

# مرحبًا بالمساهمين المبتدئين مفتوحين المصدر!

[![Pull Requests Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![first-timers-only Friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-blue.svg)](https://www.firsttimersonly.com/)
[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source)

هذه قائمة بالموارد للأشخاص الجدد في المساهمة في المصادر المفتوحة.

إذا وجدت موارد إضافية ، يرجى المساهمة في طلب سحب.

إذا كانت لديك أسئلة أو تعليقات ، يرجى إنشاء مشكلة.

**محتويات**

> - [Contributing to Open Source in general](#contributing-to-open-source-in-general)
> - [Direct GitHub searches](#direct-github-searches)
> - [Mozilla's contributor ecosystem](#mozillas-contributor-ecosystem)
> - [Useful articles for new Open Source contributors](#useful-articles-for-new-open-source-contributors)
> - [Using Version Control](#using-version-control)
> - [Open Source books](#open-source-books)
> - [Open Source contribution initiatives](#open-source-contribution-initiatives)
> - [Open Source programs to participate in](#open-source-programs-to-participate-in)
> - [License](#license)

Reviewer: Please update these to match your changes.

```suggestion
- [Contributing to Open Source in general](#المساهمة-في-المصادر-المفتوحة-بشكل-عام)
- [Direct GitHub searches](#عمليات-البحث-المباشرة-على-github)
- [Mozilla's contributor ecosystem](#النظام-البيئي-للمساهمين-في-mozilla)
- [Useful articles for new Open Source contributors](#مقالات-مفيدة-للمساهمين-الجدد-في-المصادر-المفتوحة)
- [Using Version Control](#باستخدام-التحكم-في-الإصدار)
- [Open Source books](#كتب-مفتوحة-المصدر)
- [Open Source contribution initiatives](#مبادرات-مساهمة-المصدر-المفتوح)
- [Open Source programs to participate in](#برامج-مفتوحة-المصدر-للمشاركة-فيها)
- [License](#license)
```
